# Nairobi-Landsat-Time-Series

Time series analysis techniques and data with highly frequent temporal observations sufficient for capturing seasonal variability (at least monthly) are required to produce such information. 
Remote sensing sensors often trade-off between spatial and temporal resolution to acquire high spatial-resolution low repeat-frequency images, or low spatial-resolution high temporal-frequency images. Data from low spatial-resolution sensors like Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR), Satellite Pour l’Observation de la Terre (SPOT)—VEGETATION, Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) and Medium Resolution Imaging Spectrometer (MERIS) with spatial resolution ranging from 250 m to 1,000 m are acquired at high temporal-resolutions, making them a suitable source for time series analysis to monitor vegetation change. 
Many processes of interest in terrestrial ecosystems operate at spatial scales below the spatial resolution of those sensors and are more suited to detection at Landsat TM and ETM+ scales.
Measuring, mapping and understanding changes in vegetation properties over specific spatial and temporal scales is critical for a range of ecosystem science and natural resource management applications. Remote sensing is considered a viable method for gathering information in a spatially and temporally continuous fashion. However, separating changes taking place due to phenological cycles, inter-annual climatic variability, human activities and long-term trends is challenging unless a data set of sufficient duration and short enough period between image acquisition dates exists. It is not possible with commonly used multi-temporal remote sensing applications, such as simple bi-temporal change detection and multi-date image analysis to extract this type of information.
